Hey, what are you doing?
Do you know what this place is?
Excuse me, is this the Haicheng Branch of Kyushu Group?
I'm here to see your general manager
You dress like a lunatic
I also want to find our general manager.
Are you kidding me?
If you don't believe
You can ask your general manager.
What I said is true.
He's coming to greet me
I bet he came to greet you
Are you kidding me?
I'll give you three seconds to get out of here
Do you know that you look down on people?
It will end badly
How dare you scold me
See if I smoke you
What are you doing here?
Hey Secretary Zhang
Someone is making trouble here
We're just trying to get rid of him.
Who dares to make trouble in my Kyushu
Don't you want to live?
Yo, why are you a stinky dick?